hey how you doing Jax Califronia here
and you're cooking with Jack and I I
almost didn't ever come back again after
that Yorkshire pudding episode that was
pretty embarrassing so you guys are too
kind I have to say that we are redoing
we're not redoing pickles looks like all
of you want me to redo the Yorkshire
pudding and get it right this time so
that's coming up what else coming up oh
we're going to be doing my tomato plant
update topsy-turvy that's coming up we
have a lot of things coming up so let me
first show you what I got for Father's
Day
and I'm really excited I got it a little
bit early I know but I'm pretty pumped
so let's bring you in real close you
take a look at this bad boy
as you notice you probably already know
I already told you I'm getting but if
you notice there's no knives up there
and there's no knives down there so let
me show you what I got I went to this
place called prep kitchen essentials in
Seal Beach they have all the cool toys
and if you remember chef Elizabeth Witt
came on the show that's where she does a
lot of her courses for cooking courses
dah dah dah it is shown that's right
it is the Japanese knife company so this
is it this is my new Father's Day gift
and I'll be using this from now on I
also ordered the the paring knife that's
the other thing that I'll need I'll
leave this in the paring knife and I'm
going to try and do my show for a whole
year at least with this knife and the
paring knife when it arrives I'm pumped
I can't tell you a new knife and a
grilling episode what else could a guy
want now once again if you notice all my
grilling episodes I do all the preparing
the night before I grill so I usually
marinate the meats or rub the meats or
seasoned the meats and that's exactly
we're doing this episode this is going
to be our jerk recipe okay and we're
using scallions cloves I'm using
habanero it normally asked for two
scotch bonnet chilies but I couldn't
find them so I'm going with two
habaneros which is just as good this
could be the heat in the jerk recipe and
then we have ground allspice
we have shallots it asks for three in
the recipe I'm only doing these or two
big ones so
that should be enough some kosher salt
or you can use a coarse salt fresh
ground pepper and then obviously some
fresh thyme from the store I love how
they do this they give you this package
you can almost just plant it the roots
are like right there and they're cool
we're going to cut these about and bunch
those up fingers in like we're taught
we're going to cut them about one inch
okay seven inch long with the habaneros
they're really hot if you want it really
hot you're going to leave the seeds in
if you want it a medium hot leave one of
the seeds in and see the other if you
want it milder just take all the seeds
out okay now me personally I'm leaving
all the seeds in so we're going to we're
going to take the ends off here there we
go
this recipe here is all down below so
don't I take notes just check it out and
watch it happen okay let's put all the
pieces in you ready I'll put in the
scallions put in the shallots this is
most of it right here now I know it
looks full but I don't want to go to the
big one because it's going to be hard to
get this to mix so don't panic we're
going to get this all in okay what I'm
going to do is on the top is down first
then we put the rest of our ingredients
okay so don't even worry about that
let's do that first give it a quick
chopping then we put all the seasonings
in there we go see now there's plenty of
room to put more stuff in put the garlic
in hahaha habaneros boy I think that's
gonna be pretty hot but we'll see okay
black pepper
all spice kosher salt and here we go to
make it all smooth it's going to be a
quarter cup of oil I'm just going to put
in half of it right now to get it
started
don't put it in again in a minute take a
look at it there it is okay
you don't want to make these too big you
want to cut these in big set and big
chunks okay
because we're going to put them on shish
kebob so I'm thinking like maybe
quarters slice in half I like big pieces
they're going to shrivel up a little bit
first thing we do we're going to get
this in the bag
carefully remove the blade if you're
using one of these ninjas or any kind of
a processor pour this in the bag put
some of that in there I'll fish that out
later trust me can the zip close that
then you're going to switch it all
around that get some jerk chicken right
there it's gonna be amazing all right
we'll let that marinate overnight let's
get busy on the vegetables shish kabob
tips there are a few of them and I'm
going to teach them to you right now
first one is you could do this overnight
you can do it an hour before you're
ready to cook soak these in water if
you're using wood wood skewers you're
going to want to soak these in water
that prevents the sticks from burning
the other thing is you're going to
notice that when we put the meat and
vegetables on the sticks put your meat
on one stick put your vegetables on a
different stick I know it looks better
presentation wise if you put your
vegetables with your meat you're going
to burn the vegetables the meat will
cook longer okay they'll need to be on
there longer so you always cook your
vegetables separate okay so I'm not
going to bore you with cutting these all
these vegetables up but
basically I'm going to cut them in big
chunks so once all these are cut up I'm
going to put them right in here and
throw them in the fridge then first
thing in the morning I'm going to meet
you right back here and we're gonna
start scoring everything take it out to
the grill and it's going to just be
amazing I can't wait I'm really excited
all right all the vegetables are done
look how beautiful that looks I don't
know if you guys are familiar with the
Red Robin salt seasoning so I'm going to
be using some of that on this we're just
going to just hit it real quick so we
got some sort of flavor for the
vegetables there's got to be like a
pound and a half of chicken on each
stick
oh I'm know I'm going to screw this up
I'm going to bust a stick in half but
anyway it looks great doesn't it let's
get these on the grill along with the
vegetables all right go on outside I'll
meet you right out there here's another
cooking tip some people Pam will Pam
there grill some people put oil on the
grill here's one I learned take an onion
put the end of a fork I got it is dip it
in the oil and oil the grill that way
pretty cool huh
gives that nonstick surface
all right so now that I know I'm not
going to lose control this side I'm
going to heat this side up and start
getting the vegetables going
well there you go grilling away on
Jamaican Jerk shish kebab chicken and
grilled veggies once again don't forget
to keep your veggies separate because
everything cooks differently meat and
veggies don't cook the same I cannot
explain to you how much I'm predicting
this is nail'd these are perfectly
grilled look at look at that just enough
to soften them and give the tips a
little darkness beautiful these are so
plump there's juice running underneath
them fully cooked
oh absolutely perfect unbelievable ok
let me show you something that I've
never seen in chicken in all my cooking
other than this recipe and it must be
the marinade that I used it must be this
chicken if you look it this piece just
fell right off as I was sliding it off
the off the stick and it didn't separate
like chicken it separated like fish it
is so tender it's falling apart like
fish it's unbelievable like layers and
it just comes apart like fish I can't
even explain it you probably know what
I'm talking about so that's what it
looks like grilled vegetables grilled
meat it's been marinating all night
vegetables been seasoned let's give this
a try
take a look that look good awesome
here we go the meat first all night
marinating let's hope it's not too hot
if I break out crying I'm going to be
very embarrassed because so far
everything went perfect mmm you know it
falls apart in your mouth like fish oh
a little hot no absolutely perfect
exactly perfect no life the heat comes
up right about there and stays there I
can handle this heat this is one of my
top recipes I have to tell you do me a
favor share this on Facebook would you
this is amazing especially for
summertime and I'm so excited I'm gonna
tell you just just to celebrate how
excited I am I'm gonna tell you what I'm
doing next week I'm making barbecue ribs
next week I know I've done barbecue ribs
but I'm showing you how to make a hot
pineapple barbecue sauce we're gonna
smother the ribs in them we're gonna put
a rub on the ribs before we even smother
them Barbie sauce it's going to be the
best of the three series on grilling so
join me next week I will see you on the
next cooking with Jack you take care no
you can't have any go get your own